We've covered a lot of the tools that are provided by us to aid us in implementing deep learning models.
However tennis is a very very powerful tool.
It has a very simple front end and that makes people think that it doesn't have too much to offer.
That's not true and I would like to bust this myth by pointing you to some resources that would really
help you out in learning the intricacies of the Get Us architecture.
So the first go to site for Qantas learning is to get us sufficient documentation.
So I have opened this earlier as well but we have to get a start I over page which details to get us
documentation in excruciating detail.
So you have all the different things here.
You have the code layers convolution layers pulling layers and you have different types of other lasers
when it's so you can go ahead and take a look at these.
Another very good resource is the get us blog.
So it has quite a lot of technical details.
And once you have gone through the course discourse that we are coming you should be able to understand
almost all of the blog posts that are on here.
So these are really good and they give you real life examples of how you can apply Deep Learning Deep
Learning to your models.
So this is the official blog written by the developer of kind of some self and it has quite a lot of
very interesting articles.
I'd like to really point out to a couple of those which can really help you understand the idea.
So this article over here building powerful image classification models using very little data.
This is a very useful model if you want to really understand how you can bring everything together.
For instance you might want to load some bits that were saved by the Qantas people and then you bring
together some models that were created by Qantas and you write a couple of lines of code and you get
the power that Google machines can provide you.
So that's a very good resource.
Again since this was an introductory introductory course we have only covered the bare minimum of math.
But if you do want to make machine learning your area of expertise or if you want to really make sure
that you exploit its true potential you really do need to understand the math behind it.
And I have a really good resource for that.
This is Prof Nando freighters and he's a professor of computer science at Oxford University.
He has two undergraduate courses and a graduate course on machine learning and those two are the best
courses that you can find on the Internet for free.
And they take you from scratch in terms of mathematical theory and they bring you to the State of the
art.
This is the guy who was a major contributor in torch the game changing framework in deep learning and
many of his students have gone on to great heights.
So we should really check out the courses by profit energy freighters and that would really help you
out if you want to understand the state of the art.
There are two conferences that you really should follow.
One is nips.
So you might want to go in here and take a look at the recent papers for for instance nips 2017 and
you would realize that there are many things that you can apply to your own domains and a lot of codes
for these are available so you can use them.
And another very good conference is ICM in 2017.
So you can take a look at the proceedings for that and you can look at the accepted papers and obviously
the tutorials are very helpful too.
So we'll keep exploring keep going back.
Between back and forth between theory and code and hopefully you learn a lot to keep in touch with me
through the real time check system again.
I'll post a link on the course page to that and make sure that you share your experiences with us and
do provide feedback.
Thank you.